# My Experience with Creating Mozilla Firefox Browser Extension

It was a rather smooth ride.  Although my group members and I had agreed to make an extension called Page Counter that would keep track
of the number of unique web pages visited per browser session by naively parsing the url in the GET request to only analyze
the domain, we chose on the last day to not do so lol.  While Brandon and I took Applied Internet Technology, we were rusty and
did not have a concrete idea as to how to approach it with the given time and our Javascript skills lol.  I found inspiration in
an extension out there called dynamic theme.  That extension changed the browser's theme based on time of day.  I proposed the 
idea that we make an extension that would change the theme based on season and my group members were ok with it as well.

We communicated through Facebook Messenger as the possibility of meeting up was never even brought up; from my past computer
science related experiences,physical meetups almost never happened unless they were set up by a group of friends who knew eachother
for a longer period of time than 2-3 weeks.  Anyways, I got the initial logic down and Brandon was able to improve the code to have
the gif appear across the top of the browser.  Will tried to implement CSS to possibly have the seasonal theme display
across the browser screeen which would have improved ostensibility but ultimately we did not know how to link everything
together.  Overall, it was a smooth experience although our noobishness in Javascript made it harder to make the extension
have more encompassing features.  After all, the seasonal theme is/was based on date but does not adapt to all time zones and
locations in the world.  
