# Blog About At Least 2 Given Lessons From Cathedral and Bazaar
1. "Perfection (in design) is achieved not when there is nothing more to add, but rather when there is nothing more to take away."
  * I think this means that you should not be scared to delete code or features as functionality might improve or remain just as efficient.  
  Legacy software may hold a special place in your heart but new technology might be just as good if not make things more efficient. 
  More is not always better as the adage goes.
  * I agree with it to the best of my competence because while the software I've written is rather pathetic, I agree that keeping
  everything is not necessary if I can do things more efficiently whether it be faster runtime or less memory storage.  While it 
  may not be relevant as it is not a technical matter, there is something more perfect about a concise poem than a wordy poem;
  the concise poem might get the message across just as well if not better.
  
2. "When your language is nowhere near Turing-complete, syntactic sugar can be your friend."
  *  Somewhat contrary to the above, after reading the relevant parts, I think this means that just because something is somewhat
  verbose, what ultimately matters is the users' ability to comprehend the software most easily.  As a result, although I do not
  really know what Turing-complete means, I guess the overall message is to make the software etc. user friendly if it is not
  going to be as efficient and good as being Turing-complete (which is most of the time).
  *  I agree since English might be a little wordy at times, but it is not necessarily bad; being terse is not all that important
  if users have a harder time understanding how to use or what is going on. 
  
# Blog About One of Lessons That I Liked Most and Resonated with Me the Most
1. "Often, the most striking and innovative solutions come from realizing that your concept of the problem was wrong."
  * Coincidentally, the one that I like most is the one that I chose not to write about in the above section.  This lesson is
  important to me because I often spend hours trying to find a solution using the same approach; you can call me quite stubborn 
  I guess.  I want to be creative and I believe creativity and willigness to start from square one may be your best friends.  
  Often, your initial approach is wrong or not as efficient. 
  
# Blog About Personal Progress Towards Team Project
This week, I made a separate pull request to FreeCodeCamp, but unlike my first one that got merged, this one had no comments.  I guess this one is not what they are looking for, but it is odd that no one closed it or told me so.  We as a group decided to make a coding challenge pertaining to data structures in Javascript rather than do stubs for existing challenges which I've been doing in my pull requests as mentioned above, but our success is rather murky.  I read that most pull requests are on hold upon reading one open pull request and those pertaining to existing challenges like the ones I've submitted specifically might take time.  As for the challenge we are working on, it may exist in tests of other challenges, and we are not done either way.  We do not know specifically what we will be working on next week as a result.  I might stop doing work on existing challenges as well.
