# Cathedral Model vs. Bazaar Model
Upon reading Eric Steven Raymond's take on the two different software models, I think it is best to differentiate the two by their openness.  Whereas the Cathedral Model has less releases and a centralized group of intellectuals takes charge of the software, the Bazaar Model releases early and often in hopes that having many eyes can fix bugs more efficiently than trying to fix them from within no matter how smart and gifted the few may be.  That is, since the source code is out there more frequently without the need to be as perfect as it can, more rapid and productive work amongst many can result in often surprising success. If I were to attach one adjective to describe each, I'd say the Cathedral Model is closed and the Bazaar Model is open.
# 2 Lessons From The Cathedral and The Bazaar Essay and My Take
8. Given a large enough beta-tester and co-developer base, almost every problem will be characterized quickly and the fix obvious to someone.
  - I think this means that similar to above, having more frequent releases available to an open community allows neglected bugs to be taken care of more readily.  It is not necessarily being lazy as the core developers may get the essence of the product out there only to not catch the small things that users themselves can find more readily.  There is also a general proverb that says when you want to edit something, you may think it's perfect so having others proofread for example makes catching the errors easier.
18. To solve an interesting problem, start by finding a problem that is interesting to you.
  - It is rather intuitive, but even the Bazaar Model is not perfect.  As Mr. Ryamond briefly mentions, "one cannot code from the ground up in the Bazaar Model" either.  That is, some select group of leaders or a leader has to get a design idea that can be based off of others' and not necessarily ground-breaking and original; what drives the leader or leaders is something that means something to them.
# Free vs. Open 
Free and open are similar in that both kinds of software are available to the public; nearly all open source software is free with exceptions' coming from some licenses that are too restrictive e.g. Whatcom does not allow modifiying the original software and using it privately.  In essence, open source software cares about the end results as long as the it comes out better more than anything else whereas free software stresses in freedom of its users.  Open source does not stress and advocate the values of freedom and justice.
# Personal Progress 
I got my pull request merged and will continue to try to submit more pertaining to Javascript Data Structures.  Those are not the only stubs as documentation on different technologies is also out there among other stuff.  As a group, we looked through some issues and have not decided on a big issue that we can all work on to possibly present for our final presentation.  They may look beyond our reach, but we have to pick one and see from there...
  
