# Team Project Progress
On Wednesday, some of us did not have the development environment set up but now we all have it working.  The issues seem diverse and thus we may be able to contribute; however, as Candace tried to take on an issue, the moderator told her that discussions are happening and until then, she should wait.  Similarly, I made a pull request to propose a basic solution to a Javascript Data Structures problem, but it is still an open issue.  I understand that I may not hold a lot of weight or any significance in the community hitherto.  We all have varying opinions; Anthony looked at the issues cursorily and thought that all of them are beyond our skill level whereas Andrew thinks we should help by using React.js.  We will start next week by probably looking for easy typo fixes if possible and as Candace pointed out, use freeCodeCamp as users to get a more recent look at it and see how we can fix any problems we may encounter.  

# Wikipedia
I think pedantic and intellectual people contribute to Wikipedia and other projects like it because as Jimmy Wales puts it in his TED talk on the Birth of Wikipedia in 2005, you have to be pretty damn smart to contribute to an encyclopedia.  The ones who contribute 24/7 fit the bill even more.  

I do not see myself becoming a regular contributor at the momemnt because although Professor Klukowska mocked the notion of not wanting to contribute to Wikipedia because we may not feel smart enough or knowledgeable and how we can easily contribute stuff that we are truly passionate about or have inside personal knowledge on, I usually go to Wikipedia as a means of getting the gist of a subject.  That is, I have not used Wikipedia as a resource in any essay or paper I've written to date.  That can change possibly although I find using resources linked as sources in a Wikipedia entry to be more valuable.  In terms of the ideal contributor who makes edits as prompt as after any edit is made, I almost certainly do not envision myself doing that (having a watch list to get notifications as soon as someone makes an edit seems too much for me).

I will look at https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Community_portal as it has categories such as typos that I can jump right into.  Also, I am really passionate about the game of baseball, MLB, and players, so I can maybe contribute anecdotes if not information to all things baseball.

# Jimmy Wales's TED Talk
I found it interesting that Mr. Wales thinks freely licensed open textbooks will be the next big project especially for college students whether Wikpedia is part of it or not.  Today, I can see his idea coming into fruition as there are such textbooks like  https://book.systemsapproach.org/. I found it shocking that there is only one software developer and that Wikipedia as a result is largely dependent on its volunteers.  It is amazing since anyone can be a volunteer and the freely licensed encyclopedia that ought to be accessible to all is rather rich in content and learning material.  The concept of neutrality enables a diverse, productive community with limits on vandalism as a pattern leads to losing privelege of using Wikipedia.  The fact that Wikipedia allows anons to contribute yet only 18% of all edits are from anons is suprising; on Piazza for example in my undergrad years, students are almost always anons in comparison (I do realize Piazza may not be itself open source so the comparison may be questionable).  What does not surprise me however is that some people do have more power than others; Rick Kay for example can be in the minority and his voice alone can prevent an entry from getting deleted if he says for exmaple that he did find the pertinent entity in a rather unknown book.  

Today, there are more than ~300 employees in the Wikimedia Foundation.  Maybe 1 developer back in 2005 was plausible.  Furthermore, I do think there is possibly less hate towards Wikipedia as a valid research resource; in my undergrad years, while it may have to do with being a cs student and not necessarily a result of changing times, Wikipedia often has valuable information for cs concepts and professors do not shun it.  I have not really been in touch with literature and such so maybe those professors and teachers still have a an ignorant take on Wikpedia as Mr. Wales objected to back in the day and probably still does.  
