### Christos Bacharakis's Short Talk Reflection

Although Mr. Bacharakis's talk was shortened because of his busy productive life, I was nevertheless exposed to an accomplished person.  He himself talked about how getting involved with Open Source changed him as a person as he was able to connect to individuals all over the world.  I have to admit that not having gotten much sleep if at all did not do me any favor as I was not able to pay attention closely to everything he said.  What stood out to me was how passionate Mozilla is on the humanitarian side; that is, it is devoted to making the Internet's outreach as encompassing as possible without discriminating any demographic.  I wonder if that will ever be possible in this sinful and messed up world, but I was captivated nonetheless; I want to get involved someday although I know it should be today as I should not be intimidated by not feeling competent at anything.  Unfortunately, while I also remember Mr. Bacharakis's overview of many Mozilla Open Source Projects as well and a map showing the many connections of the community, I do not remember much else clearly because of the aforementioned reason.  



### Overview of License of Pandas

The Pandas libray has the BSD 3-Clause “New” or “Revised” License as its license.  Per this [website on licenses](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/license-list.html#GPLCompatibleLicenses), the license is also known as the "Modified BSD License."  It is a GPL-Compatible Free Software License, and based on my limited retention of the Kevin Fleming video on Licenses, GPL licenses have at minimum the following properties:

1. Copying is allowed which is most important in a license.
2. Attribution is allowed which means the creator can choose to have his or her name attached to further modifications.
3. Any copy of library must be in "friendly" form aka simply have the original as well.  

The Modified BSD License supports commercial use, modification, distribution, and private use, and seems to detail its usage of attribution.  That is, it prevents others from using the name of the Pandas project or its contributors to promote derivations or distributions without written consent.  Basically, they are not liable for any damage (negligence included) that can be done with mishandling their project. 

### Installing an Open Source Project's Development Environment

I do not think I am competent to contribute to the project I evaluated last week, Pandas.  Upon reading Deanna Tran's evaluation on freeCodeCamp, I realized that I used to use it and am considering going back and using it more in depth.  Returning to the concept of Open Source, according to her evaluation, I decided to evaluate freeCodeCamp it was supposed to be smooth sailing to contribute and I also had that idea upon watching some freeCodeCamp videos on Youtube and hastily posted on Piazza lol.  However, it wasn't THAT smooth for me as I have some errors upon successfully setting up the entire fcc learning platform locally on my computer.  I spent some time trying to downgrade my Mongo version but did not find success; my version was 4.x because I used it for Applied Internet Technology, so I tried uninstalling and installing 3.6 but did not succeed.  Downgrading was rather vague per the mongodb website.  However, I was able to load the success page and per the [local setup guidelines](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/blob/master/docs/how-to-setup-freecodecamp-locally.md), I did successfully manage to set it up at least superficially?  I will try to look into it to see if I may have problems in the future.  
